Hello Developer,

 

Thank you for submitting your Alexa skill MTG Life Counter.  Our certification team has identified the following issues which require your attention.  Please address the issues below which are required for certification and resubmit your skill at your earliest convenience:

 

1.       Protecting intellectual property rights is important to us. Please provide documentation demonstrating that you have the right to use Wizard of the Coast's Magic the Gathering IP. The documentation must be either a confirmation letter from the intellectual property rights holder or a copy of the applicable license. Otherwise, please edit your title and icon in order to no longer imply sponsorship. We recommend modifying your title to imply it is "for” the IP.

 

2.       All of your example interactions must be included verbatim in your sample utterances. To fulfill this requirement, include "tell me the score" and "start a new game" in your sample uttereances.

3.       Your examples interactions must have supported phrasing. To fulfill this requirement, make the following changes:

life counter add Brandon => Alexa, ask life counter to add Brandon
life counter tell me a the scores => Alexa, ask life counter to tell me the scores
life counter start a new game => Alexa, ask life counter to start a new game

More information on supported phrasing can be found here: https://developer.amazon.com/public/solutions/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/docs/supported-phrases-to-begin-a-conversation

 

4.       More information must be added to the skill’s description to adequately explain its core functionality to the users. Please see test case 3.2 from our Submission Checklist for guidance on skill descriptions.

 

5.       The first example phrase must include both the wake word (Alexa,) and the invocation name of the skill. Please see test case 3.1 from our Submission Checklist for more guidance on example phrases.

 

6.       When attempting to invoke the skill with your first, second and third example phrase, the skill could not understand the request. The example phrases must function without error since these are interactions that users are most likely to try. Please see test case 3.1 from our Submission Checklist for guidance on example phrases. This issue is more likely due to the issue mentioned in #3.

 

7.       The help response should pose a question to the users at the end of the prompt and leave the stream opened for user’s response. Currently the help prompt says “Here's some things you can say. Add Brandon, take five life from Brandon, tell me the life totals, new game, reset, and exit.”, and close the stream. Please see test case 4.12 for guidance on help prompt from the Submission Checklist.

 

Additionally, our team would like to offer the following recommendation which is not required for certification but may improve the experience of your skill:

 

1.       Consider implementing built-in AMAZON.US_FIRST_NAME slot instead of your custom LIST_OF_PLAYER_NAMES slot. More information on implementing custom slots can be found here: 
https://developer.amazon.com/public/solutions/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/docs/alexa-skills-kit-interaction-model-reference#Custom%20Slot%20Type%20Syntax 

 

Please do not reply to this e-mail. To share specific feedback or receive additional clarity on your skill’s certification results, please use our contact form here. Please note that you will be directed to a login page before submitting your feedback. Providing your skill’s name and application id will assist us in helping you as quickly as possible.

For other general questions, we encourage you to visit our forums. These are actively monitored by Amazon employees, and contain many posts by our community that may help to quickly resolve your issue(s).

Additional links: Submission Checklist    

Regards,

The Alexa Skills Team

 
